Create ui-c8y-1021-0-0-device-name-goes-missing-when-switching-to-smart-rule-tab-7206.md (#2572)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-0-0-device-name-goes-missing-when-switching-to-smart-rule-tab-7206.md

---
date: ""

> title: Device name missing when switching to smart rule tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Device name displayed properly when switching to the Smart rules tab
```

> title: Device name goes missing when switching to smart rule tab (#7206)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Device name missing when switching to smart rule tab
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-60471
version: 1021.0.0
---

> Device name goes missing when switching to smart rule tab (#7206)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the device management application, when viewing the details of a device and switching to the smart rule tab, the device name was previously not displayed at the top of the page anymore. This issue has been resolved and the device name now correctly remains visible when navigating to the smart rule tab for a device. The fix ensures that the device name is properly retained and displayed across all tabs within the device details view, providing a consistent user experience.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Device name in page title was missing when switching to 'Smart rules' tab. It is displayed properly now.
```

> Device name in page title was missing when switching to 'Smart rules' tab. It is displayed properly now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Device name in Cockpit page title was missing when switching to 'Smart rules' tab. It is displayed properly now.
```

> Device name in Cockpit page title was missing when switching to 'Smart rules' tab. It is displayed properly now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Cockpit application, when switching to the **Smart rules** tab of a device in a group, the device name was missing in the page title. This issue has been fixed and the device name is displayed properly now.
```
